Extending Build Args Through Configuration (#7023)
kyma-project/test-infra: development/image-builder/README.md

  -variant string
        If variants.yaml file is present, define which variant should be built. If variants.yaml is not present, this flag will be ignored
  -export-tags

>         Flag to pass additional arguments to built Dockerfile. Van be used in the name=value format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Flag to pass additional arguments to built Dockerfile. It can be used in the name=value format.
```
